Title:
Phase 1 Trial of Intralesional Immunotherapy With IFx-Hu2.0 Vaccine in Patients With Advanced Non-melanoma Skin Cancers

Description:
Approximately twenty adult patients (≥ 18 years of age), of any sex, ethnicity, and race with histologically confirmed advanced non-melanoma skin cancers with accessible lesions, will be eligible for study enrollment and treatment with IFx-Hu2.0 (i.e. 20 total patients across both indications). These types of advanced non-melanoma skin cancers are very rare in the pediatric population (< 18 years of age) with only scattered case reports. The potential for development of this product for pediatric subjects with non-melanoma skin cancers will be evaluated after the results of this study are available.

Patients must have at least one injectable lesion, defined as an easily palpable superficial lesion (cutaneous, subcutaneous or lymph nodal metastasis) that can be accurately localized, stabilized by palpation, and is superficial enough to enable intralesional injection.

To be eligible for this study, patients must have progressed despite standard therapy(ies), or are intolerant to or refused standard therapy(ies).

Enrollees will receive IFx-Hu2.0 as a monotherapy at up to three-time points. Depending on the number of accessible lesions, a patient could receive up to three doses across three lesions (one dose per lesion). The maximum number of lesions to be injected at any time point under this protocol is three lesions. Blood will be collected from these patients prior to treatment administration at every drug administration visit. These samples will be used to perform CBC and clinical chemistry tests. A urine sample will be obtained for urinalysis for protein and blood at the same frequency. Blood samples will also be drawn at the same intervals for immune response evaluation as well.

This is primarily a safety study that is designed to evaluate IFx-Hu2.0 monotherapy and provide foundational evidence to potentially support further studies investigating IFx-Hu2.0 + anti-PD-1 combination therapy for patients with non-melanoma skin cancers.

Inclusion and exclusion criteria: 
Inclusion Criteria:

Life expectancy ≥ 3 months at recruitment
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status ≤ 2 at the time of study treatment initiation.
Males or females with histologically confirmed diagnosis of advanced non-melanoma skin cancers.
Patients must have progressed despite standard therapy(ies) or are intolerant to or refused standard therapy(ies).
Clinically measurable disease with at least 1 injectable lesion ≥ 3 mm in longest diameter; an injectable lesion is defined as an easily palpable superficial lesion (cutaneous, subcutaneous or lymph nodal metastasis) that can be accurately localized, stabilized by palpation, and is superficial enough to enable intralesional injection.
No known bleeding diathesis or coagulopathy that would make intratumoral injection or biopsy unsafe
The entry laboratory criteria for subject eligibility must be less than or equal to Grade 1 adverse event levels for the parameters tested as defined by CTCAE v5.0:

Bone Marrow Function:

Hemoglobin (Hb) > LLN 10 g/dL
White Blood Cell Count (WBC) > LLN 3,000 cells/mcL
Platelet count (PLT) > LLN - 75,000 /mcL
Blood Coagulation Parameters

PT, INR < 1.5 x institutional ULN unless patient is therapeutically anticoagulated. If on anticoagulation PT/INR need to be within appropriate anticoagulation limits for the clinical indication. Patients who are receiving anticoagulants may participate in the trial if their anticoagulation can be stopped safely for several days at the time of biopsy.
Renal Function

Serum Creatinine (SCr) < 1 - 1.5 x baseline; < 1 1.5 x ULN
Hepatic Function:

Blood bilirubin < 1 - 1.5 x ULN if baseline was normal; < 1 1.5 x baseline if baseline was abnormal
Serum Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) < 1 - 3 x ULN if baseline was normal; 1.5 3 x baseline if baseline was abnormal
Serum Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST) < 1 - 3 x ULN if baseline was normal; 1.5 3 x baseline if baseline was abnormal
Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) < 1 - 2.5 x ULN if baseline was normal; 2 2.5 x baseline if baseline was abnormal
Gamma Glutylamyltransferase (GGT) < 1 - 2.5 x ULN, if baseline was normal; 2 2.5 x baseline if baseline was abnormal
Males and females of reproductive potential must agree to continuously use adequate contraception prior to study entry and for up to 6 months thereafter. A female is of childbearing potential unless she has had a surgical procedure that would accomplish sterility such a bilateral tubal ligation, hysterectomy or has not had menses for the past 12 months.
Females of childbearing potential must have a negative urine or serum pregnancy test within one week prior to start of treatment
Patient or legal representative must understand and sign a written informed consent form.
Exclusion Criteria:

Concurrent use of any other investigational product or participation in another trial within 28 days before start of study treatment.
Have received oncologic therapy within 2 weeks of planned IFx-Hu2.0 injection
Presence or history of central nervous system metastasis [treated/stable brain metastasis are allowable when patients have received prior therapy for their brain metastases and their central nervous system (CNS) disease is radiographically stable (> 4 weeks)]
Pregnant or breastfeeding females and females desiring to become pregnant or breastfeed within the timeframe of this study
Concurrent steroid therapy (> 10 mg of daily prednisone equivalent) or other immunosuppressive therapies such as those needed for solid organ transplants and rheumatoid arthritis. Topical or inhaled steroids are allowable.
History of organ allograft transplantation
History of hemolytic anemia
History of significant tumor bleeding, or coagulation or bleeding disorders.
Patients with autoimmune disorder, with exception of patients with vitiligo or endocrine-related autoimmune conditions receiving appropriate hormonal supplementation who are eligible; systemic use of immunosuppressant drugs such as steroids (except as hormone replacement therapy or short-course supportive medication such as chemotherapy or drug allergy, etc.), azathioprine, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, etc. within 4 weeks before recruitment. Prior autoimmune toxicity resolved to Grade 1 or less no longer requiring immunosuppressive therapy is not an exclusion under this criterion.
Major surgery within 14 days prior to starting study drug or has not recovered from major side effects (tumor biopsy is not considered major surgery) resulting from a prior surgery
Leptomeningeal involvement regardless of treatment status
Active, clinically serious uncontrolled medical conditions such as HIV, HBV, HCV, and EBV infection
Uncontrolled intercurrent illness including, but not limited to, ongoing or active infection, symptomatic congestive heart failure, unstable angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, or psychiatric illness/social situations that would limit compliance with protocol requirements
Unwilling or unable to follow protocol requirements

__________

Title: A Phase II Study of High Dose Bolus IL2 in Combination With Low Dose Ipilimumab Followed Sequentially by Nivolumab in Patients With Inoperable Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma Who Have Failed Prior Anti-PD1 Immunotherapy

Description: This is a Phase II study of high dose bolus interleukin-2 (HD IL2) in combination with low dose ipilimumab followed sequentially by nivolumab in patients with advanced inoperable stage III or stage IV melanoma who have failed prior anti-PD1 immunotherapy.

The planned treatment consists of up to 3 courses (One cycle is 21 days and one course is 4 cycles). HD IL2 will be given during week 1 of the 2 initial cycles or each course. Ipilimumab will be given concurrently at the low dose of 1 mg/kg on Day 1 of the 2 initial cycles of each course for up to 2 doses, total. Nivolumab will be given on Day 1 of the 3rd cycle of each course. No systemic treatment will be administered during the 4th cycle. Response assessment will occur at the end of the 4th cycle. Patients without evidence of disease progression (RECIST v.1.1) or limiting toxicities will be offered additional courses of treatment for up to a maximum of 3 courses, total

Inclusion and exclusion criteria: 
Inclusion Criteria:

Histologically or cytologically confirmed metastatic melanoma. This includes American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) stage IV or advanced/inoperable stage III. This also includes patients with a history of lower stage melanoma and subsequent recurrent metastatic disease that is either locally/regionally advanced/inoperable disease or distant metastases
Measurable disease, according to RECIST version 1.1
Must be free of active brain metastasis by contrast-enhanced CT/MRI scans within 4 weeks prior to enrollment. If known to have prior brain metastases, these must have been adequately managed with standard of care radiation therapy, stereotactic radiosurgery or surgery prior to registration on the study.
Must have previously received anti-PD1 immunotherapy (nivolumab or pembrolizumab) and later experienced disease progression.
Must not have received systemic therapy or radiotherapy (including SRS) within the preceding 3 weeks. Patients must have recovered from adverse events from previous therapy by the time registration.
Must be at least 4 weeks from major surgery and have fully recovered from any effects of surgery, and must be free of significant detectable infection prior to registration.
Patients who have received prior anti-CTLA4 monoclonal antibody therapy (ipilimumab or tremelimumab) are eligible.
Patients who have previously experienced prior high-grade (grade 3 or 4 by CTCAE criteria) immune related adverse events with immune checkpoint inhibitors must be discussed with the study PI and cleared prior to enrollment on this study in order to ensure patient safety.
Patients with BRAF V600 mutant melanoma must have previously received BRAF targeted therapy for metastatic melanoma and later experienced disease progression. Patients who refuse or decline to receive BRAF targeted therapy or were intolerant of BRAF targeted therapy are eligible.
Life expectancy of greater than 3 months in the opinion of the investigator
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0 or 1
Must have normal organ and marrow function as specified per protocol.
Patients on full-dose anticoagulants with Prothrombin Time Test International Normalized Ratio (PT INR) >1.5 are eligible provided that both of the following criteria are met: (a) The patient has an in-range INR (usually between 2 and 3) on a stable dose of oral anticoagulant or on a stable dose of low molecular weight heparin. (b) The patient has no active bleeding or pathological condition that carries a high risk of bleeding (e.g., tumor involving major vessels or known varices).
Pulmonary: Forced Expiratory Volume at 1 second (FEV1) > 2.0 liters or > 75% of predicted for height and age. Pulmonary function tests (PFTs) are required for patients over 50 years old or with significant pulmonary or smoking history
No evidence of congestive heart failure, symptoms of coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction less than 6 months prior to entry, serious cardiac arrhythmias, or unstable angina.
Patients who are over 40 years old or have had previous myocardial infarction greater than 6 months prior to study entry or have significant cardiac family history (CAD or serious arrhythmias) will be required to have a negative or low probability cardiac stress test (for example, thallium stress test, stress multigated acquisition scan (MUGA), stress echo or exercise stress test) for cardiac ischemia within 8 weeks prior to registration.
No history of cerebrovascular accident or transient ischemic attacks within the past 6 months from registration.
Women of child-bearing potential and men must agree to use adequate contraception (hormonal or barrier method of birth control; abstinence) prior to study entry, for the duration of study participation, and for at least 6 months after completion of study therapy. Should a woman become pregnant or suspect she is pregnant while participating in this study, she should inform her treating physician immediately.
Women should not be lactating and, if of childbearing age, should have a negative pregnancy test (b-HCG test; serum or urine, minimum sensitivity 25 IU/L or equivalent units of b-HCG) within two weeks of registration in the study.
Exclusion Criteria:

Patients who have had systemic therapy for melanoma or radiotherapy within 3 weeks prior to registering on the study or those who have not recovered from adverse events due to agents administered more than 3 weeks earlier. Patients with a history of endocrinopathies (e.g. hypothyroidism) are eligible if they are stable on hormone replacement therapy. Patients with a history of adrenal insufficiency are not eligible.
Patients may not be receiving any other investigational agents.
Patients with active brain metastasis are excluded
Patients with clinically significant cardiovascular or cerebrovascular disease
Uncontrolled intercurrent illness including, but not limited to, ongoing or active infection or psychiatric illness/social situations that would limit compliance with study requirements.
Patients who have other current malignancies are not eligible. Patients with other malignancies are eligible if they have been continuously disease free for > 2 years prior to the time of registration. Patients with prior history at any time of any in situ cancer, lobular carcinoma of the breast in situ, cervical cancer in situ, atypical melanocytic hyperplasia or melanoma in situ are eligible. Patients with prior history of basal or squamous skin cancer are eligible. Patients who have had multiple primary melanomas are eligible.
Patients must not have autoimmune disorders or conditions of immunosuppression that require current ongoing treatment with systemic corticosteroids (or other systemic immunosuppressants), including oral steroids (i.e., prednisone, dexamethasone) or continuous use of topical steroid creams or ointments or ophthalmologic steroids or steroid inhalers. If a patient had been taking steroids, at least 2 weeks must have passed since the last dose.