make it actually write down the meanings of words before checking if they mean the same thing to avoid it merging words that are just always next to each other.

Informatics summit
https://amia.org/education-events/amia-2024-informatics-summit/call-participation#file 


https://academic.oup.com/jamia/pages/call-for-papers-for-special-focus-issue 



will have issue that sometimes it might be in the exclusion and other times it might be in the inclusion so it might be worded oppositely and mess things up. such as age can't be less than 18 vs age must be over 18.

might also have the problem where it explains things. for example when it says  coagulopathy/thrombocytopenia (INR \\>1.5, platelets \\<75). the parenthesis is just an explanation of what constitutes coagulopathy/thrombocytopenia, which can be used in the asking the user section but not the requirements section.


update seperator sometimes has ANDs inside of ANDs and ORs inside of ORs which is technicaly unneccesary but does not make it less accurate and does not impact performance so will leave it be as a known bug.

A possible problem could be not just the different properties but also different values. This is much more dangerous. For example If there are options for both cancer: lung and cancer: lung cancer then depending on which one I pick some clinical trials could get removed even though I still fit the criteria


prompt is getting quite long so with only 4k tokens the prompt and input might not leave any remaining tokens for the output. may need to make a function which splits up clinical trials to then make parts of the mql and then put it all back together


Being specific and providing specific examples in prompt helps with consistency.


make own examples with all of the edge cases to truly show how to do it


Remember how I was saying the prompt was getting quite long and wont leave any remaining for the output? well yeah its too long. Will shorten prompts by removing unnecessary whitespace in the formatting of the jsons. The json does not need to be formatted nicely in order for it to be a valid json. Each indent is four spaces which each acounts for a token so they add up really quickly

By removing the whitespace the boolean algebra seperator went from 1,448 to 655 tokens
and the mql translator went from 2,084 to 1,292. This is even more pronounced when you take into the account that the input to it is now shorter since the boolean seperator is producing less token heavy output.

still too long for some, to the point where all 4k tokens get used in prompt when input is added. 
Instead of splitting it up, Will try and see what happens with chatgpt16k. this should be able to handle all trials and will also have knowledge of the original input when making the mql. fear that since chatgpt is trained to make a conversation it will be worse. hopefully system message can help in that. might also improve functionality since it will know what was before and it will still remember the original description of the clinical trial


should make use of langchains caching to reduce api calls. don't know how it will affect performance but can look into it.



add another requirement which makes it so that instead of saying never had blank before: true make it so it says, forbidden previous surgeries: blank