Subjects must: 
1. Be able to give valid informed consent 
2. Be 18 55 years of age. 
1. Justification: Many neural processes change with age, and these changes could introduce unwanted variability in both behavioral and MRI signals. In addition, the risk of difficult-to-detect medical abnormalities such as silent cerebral infarcts increases with age. 
2. Screening tool: History. Government-issued forms of identification (e.g. driver s license, birth certificate) will be required when participant appears to be out of age range. 
3. Be in good health. 
1. Justification: Many illnesses may alter neural functioning as well as fMRI signals. 
2. Screening tools: Medical Assessment, Medical History and Physical Examination. Medical assessments include: Vital Signs, EKG, oral HIV test, height/weight measurements, urinalysis and blood sample. Tests on the blood sample include CBC, complete metabolic profile, TSH, ESR, STS and HIV (if needed to confirm a positive salivary test for HIV). The following individual laboratory results will independently disqualify individuals: Cholesterol >250 mg/dl, Hemoglobin < 10.5 g/dl, WBC < 2400/microl, LFTs > 3Xnormal, HCG positive, Casual serum glucose > 200 mg/dl, Urine protein > 1+. The MAI will retain discretion to exclude at less extreme values, depending on the clinical presentation. (Serum glucose over 140 mg/dl will be followed up with a fasting serum glucose assessment. Those with fasting glucose below 100 mg/dl may be considered for the protocol. Others will be rejected and referred for work-up.) MAI will make the final judgment on any questionable lab results. 
4. Right-handed. 
1. Justification: Using right-handed individuals will reduce variability in BOLD MRI data. 
2. Screening tool: Edinburgh Handedness Inventory. 
5. Estimated IQ greater than or equal to 85 
1. Justification: Subjects must be able to perform a cognitively challenging task to a high standard. 
2. Screening tool: Wechsler Abbreviated Scale of Intelligence. 
