1. Atrial fibrillation; 
2. Subject underwent cardiac pacemaker treatment; 
3. Subject underwent metal graft treatment; 
4. Claustrophobia; 
5. Acute myocardial infarction, cardiac ischemia indicated by 6-minute walk test, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, constrictive pericarditis, significant valve disease or congenital heart disease, severe pulmonary hypertension; 
6. Ischemic heart failure without the revascularization or undergone the revascularization within last 6 months; 
7. Subject underwent cardiac surgery or cerebrovascular events within the previous six months; 
8. Subjects who plan to have cardiac transplantation; 
9. Severe hepatic and renal insufficiency (serum creatinine>2.0 mg /dl, AST or ALT is five times higher than the upper limit of normal range); 
10. Subject needs mechanical ventilation; 
11. Systolic blood pressure < 90mmHg, or > 160mmHg; 
12. Chronic heart failure complicated with acute hemodynamic disturbance or acute decompensation within last 1 month; 
13. Mobitz Type II or III° atrial ventricular block，severe ventricular arrhythmia (polymorphic and frequent premature ventricular beats, frequent non-sustained ventricular tachycardia); 
14. Serum potassium<3.2mmol/L, or>5.5mmol/L; 
15. Female subject is pregnant or plan to become pregnant 
16. Childbearing-aged female subject who is unmarried or dose not bear child; 
17. Subject with life expectancy less than 6 months as assessed by investigators; 
18. Subject participated in any other clinical trial within the previous three months; 
19. Subject with previous history of tumor, or current tumor patient, or subject with pre-cancerous disease manifested by pathological examination (such as ductal carcinoma in situ or cervical epithelial dysplasia) 
20. Examinations (physical examination, X-ray examination, type-B ultrasonic detection or other methods) reveal that the subject has malignant mass, gland hyperplasia or adenoma with endocrine activity, or impact on heart, or endocrine function (such as pheochromocytoma, thyroid enlargement); 
21. The Investigator deemed for whatever reason that the subject is not likely to complete the study or comply with the study procedures (due to administration or any other reason).       
    
