1. The patient is pregnant or breastfeeding. 
2. Evidence of STEMI within 72 hours of the intended treatment on infarct related or non-infarct related artery. 
3. Cardiogenic shock on presentation or during current hospitalization. 
4. Left ventricular ejection fraction less than 20%. 
5. Known allergies to: aspirin, clopidogrel (Plavix) and ticlopidine (Ticlid), heparin, bivalirudin, stainless steel, or contrast agent (which cannot be adequately premedicated). 
6. A platelet count less than 75,000 cells/mm3 or greater than 700,000 cells/mm3 or a WBC less than 3,000 cells/mm3. 
7. Acute or chronic renal dysfunction (creatinine greater than 2.5 mg/dl or less than 150µmol/L). 
8. Subject is currently participating in an investigational drug or device study that has not completed the primary endpoint or that clinically interferes with the current study endpoints. (Note: Trials requiring extended follow-up for products that were investigational, but have since become commercially available, are not considered investigational trials). 
9. Prior participation in this study. 
10. Within 30 days prior to the index study procedure, the subject has undergone a previous coronary interventional procedure of any kind. Note: This exclusion criterion does not apply to post-STEMI patients. 
11. Stroke or transient ischemic attack within the prior 3 months. 
12. Active peptic ulcer or upper gastrointestinal bleeding within the prior 3 months. 
13. Subject has active sepsis. 
14. Unprotected left main coronary artery disease (stenosis greater than 50%). 
15. In the investigator's opinion, subject has a co-morbid condition(s) that could limit the life expectancy to less than one year, or limit the subject's ability to participate in the study or comply with follow-up requirements or impact the scientific integrity of the study. 
16. Subject has normal or insignificant coronaries (i.e. coronary lesion(s) less than 50% stenosis). 
17. Any target vessel has evidence of: 
excessive thrombus (e.g. requires target vessel thrombectomy) 
tortuousity (greater than 60 degree angle) that makes it unsuitable for proper stent delivery and deployment, 
heavy calcification. 
18. Any target lesion requires treatment with a device other than percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) prior to stent placement (e.g. but not limited to, directional coronary atherectomy, excimer laser, rotational atherectomy, etc.). 
19. Any lesion that is located in a saphenous vein graft, however, lesions located within the native vessel but accessed through the graft are eligible. 
20. The target vessel is in a "last remaining" epicardial vessel (e.g. greater than 2 non-target epicardial vessels and the bypass grafts to these territories [if present] are totally occluded).       
    
