Male and females aged between 18 and 65 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent. 
Healthy as determined by a responsible and experienced physician, based on a medical evaluation including medical history, physical examination, laboratory tests and cardiac monitoring. A subject with a clinical abnormality or laboratory parameter(s) which is/are not specifically listed in the inclusion or exclusion criteria, outside the reference range for the population being studied may be included only if the Investigator in consultation with the GSK Medical Monitor if required agree and document that the finding is unlikely to introduce additional risk factors and will not interfere with the study procedures. 
Body weight >= 50 kilogram (kg) and body mass index within the range 19 - 24.9 kg/m^2 (inclusive). 
A female subject is eligible to participate if she is of: Non-childbearing potential defined as pre-menopausal females with a documented tubal ligation or hysterectomy for this definition, "documented" refers to the outcome of the investigator's/designee's review of the subject's medical history for study eligibility, as obtained via a verbal interview with the subject or from the subject's medical records; or postmenopausal defined as 12 months of spontaneous amenorrhea [in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) > 40 milli-international units per milliliter (MlU/mL) and estradiol < 40 picograms per mililiter (pg/mL) [<147 picomole per liter] is confirmatory]. Females on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and whose menopausal status is in doubt will be required to use one of the contraception methods if they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment. For most forms of HRT, at least 2-4 weeks will elapse between the cessation of therapy and the blood draw; this interval depends on the type and dosage of HRT. Following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT during the study without use of a contraceptive method; Child-bearing potential with negative pregnancy test as determined by serum human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) test at screening or prior to dosing AND; Agrees to use one of the contraception methods listed in protocol for an appropriate period of time (as determined by the product label or investigator) prior to the start of dosing to sufficiently minimize the risk of pregnancy at that point. Female subjects must agree to use contraception until the follow-up contact visit; OR has only same-sex partners, when this is her preferred and usual lifestyle. 
Male subjects with female partners of child-bearing potential must agree to use one of the contraception methods listed in Protocol. This criterion must be followed from the time of the first dose of study medication until the follow-up contact visit. 
Capable of giving written informed consent, which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the consent form 
Alanine aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase and bilirubin <=1.5x upper limit of normal (ULN) (isolated bilirubin >1.5xULN is acceptable if bilirubin is fractionated and direct bilirubin <35%). 
Based on single or averaged corrected QT interval (QTc) values of triplicate electrocardiograms obtained over a brief recording period: QTcF < 450 msec 
