Severe Hypertension Grade 3 WHO classification (Mean Sitting Diastolic Blood Pressure (MSDBP) 110 mmHg and/or Mean Sitting Systolic Blood Pressure MSSBP 180 mmHg) 
Acetylsalicyclic acid (ASA) treatment >1g/day or regular use of Non steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAIDs) 
Kidney disease not caused by diabetes or hypertension 
Serum potassium < 3.5 or > 5.1 mEq/L 
GFR < 40 ml/min/1.73m2 as measured by the MDRD formula 
Serum albumin < 2.0mg/dL 
History of hypertensive encephalopathy or cerebrovascular accident at any time prior to Visit1. 
Current diagnosis of heart failure (New York Heart Association (NYHA) Class II-IV) 
History of myocardial infarction, unstable angina pectoris, coronary bypass surgery, or any percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) during the 6 months prior to Visit 1 
Second or third degree heart block without a pacemaker 
Concurrent potentially life threatening arrhythmia or symptomatic arrhythmia 
Clinically significant valvular heart disease 
Type 1 diabetes mellitus 
Uncontrolled Type II diabetes mellitus (Hemaglobin subtype A1C (HbA1C) >11 %) 
History of malignancy including leukemia and lymphoma (but not basal cell skin carcinoma) within the past five years 
Participation in any clinical investigation within 4 weeks prior to dosing or longer if required by local regulation. 
Donation or loss of 400 mL or more of blood within 8 weeks prior to dosing. 
Significant illness within the two weeks prior to dosing. 
Any surgical or medical condition which might significantly alter the absorption, distribution, metabolism, or excretion of study drugs including, but not limited to, any of the following: 
History of major gastrointestinal tract surgery such as gastrectomy, gastroenterostomy, or bowel resection 
-Currently active or previously active inflammatory bowel disease during the 12 months prior to Visit 1 Currently active gastritis, duodenal or gastric ulcers, or gastrointestinal/rectal bleeding during the 3 months prior to Visit 1. 
Any history of pancreatic injury, pancreatitis or evidence of impaired pancreatic function/injury as indicated by abnormal lipase or amylase Evidence of hepatic disease, a history of hepatic encephalopathy, a history of esophageal varices, or a history of portocaval shunt 
Current treatment with cholestyramine or cholestipol resins 
History of immunocompromise, including a positive HIV test result. 
History of a positive Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) or Hepatitis C test result. 
History of drug or alcohol abuse within the 12 months prior to dosing. 
Persons directly involved in the execution of this protocol. 
Any condition that in the opinion of the investigator or the Novartis medical monitor would jeopardize the evaluation of efficacy or safety 
History of noncompliance to medical regimens or unwillingness to comply with the study protocol 
Known or suspected contraindications to the study medications, including history of allergy to Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and/or to thiazide diuretics or other sulfonamide derived drug 
Any surgical or medical condition, which in the opinion of the investigator, may place the patient at higher risk from his/her participation in the study, or is likely to prevent the patient from complying with the requirements of the study or completing the study 
Use of any prescription drug or over-the-counter (OTC) medication which is prohibited by the protocol. 
Patients who previously participated in any Aliskiren study. 
Pregnant or nursing woman. 
Other protocol-defined inclusion/exclusion criteria may apply       
    
