Pregnancy: Women who are pregnant or lactating. 
Asthma: Subjects with a current diagnosis of asthma. (Subjects with a prior history of asthma are eligible if they also have a current diagnosis of COPD). 
alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency: Subjects with known alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency as the underlying cause of COPD. 
Other respiratory disorders: Subjects with active tuberculosis, lung cancer, bronchiectasis, sarcoidosis, pulmonary fibrosis, pulmonary hypertension, interstitial lung diseases or other active pulmonary diseases. 
Lung resection or transplantation: Subjects with lung volume reduction surgery within the 12 months prior to Screening or having had a lung transplant. 
A moderate/severe COPD exacerbation that has not resolved at least 14 days prior to Visit 1 and at least 30 days following the last dose of oral corticosteroids (if applicable). 
Current severe heart failure (New York Heart Association class IV). Subjects will also be excluded if they have a known ejection fraction of <30% or if they have an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD). 
Other diseases/abnormalities: Any life-threatening condition with life expectancy <3 years, other than vascular disease or COPD, that might prevent the subject from completing the study. 
End stage chronic renal disease: Subjects will be excluded if on renal replacement therapy (hemodialysis or peritoneal). 
Drug/food allergy: Subjects with a history of hypersensitivity to any of the study medications (e.g. beta-agonists, corticosteroid) or components of the inhalation powder (e.g. lactose, magnesium stearate). In addition, patients with a history of severe milk protein allergy that, in the opinion of the study physician, contraindicates the subject's participation will also be excluded. 
Drug/alcohol abuse: Subjects with a known or suspected history of alcohol or drug abuse within the last 2 years. 
Oxygen therapy: Subjects receiving treatment with long-term oxygen therapy (LTOT) or nocturnal oxygen therapy required for greater than 12 hours a day. Oxygen prn use (i.e. <=12 hours per day) is not exclusionary. 
Questionable validity of consent: Subjects with a history of psychiatric disease, intellectual deficiency, poor motivation or other conditions that will limit the validity of informed consent to participate in the study or the potential compliance to study procedures. 
Affiliation with investigator site: Study investigators, sub-investigators, study coordinators, employees of a participating investigator or immediate family members of the aforementioned are excluded from participating in this study. 
Additional medication: Use of the following medications within the following time intervals prior to Visit 1 or during the study (unless otherwise specified): 
Medication No use within the following time intervals prior to Screening or thereafter at any time during the study (unless otherwise specified) Inhaled Long acting beta-agonists (LABA) 48 hours ICS/LABA combination products 48 hours Inhaled corticosteroids 48 hours Tiotropium 1 week Systemic, Oral, parenteral, intra-articular corticosteroids 30 days (oral and systemic corticosteroids may be used to treat COPD exacerbations during the study) Cytochrome P450 3A4 strong inhibitors including but not limited to antiretrovirals (protease inhibitors) (e.g.Indinavir, Nelfinavir, Ritonavir, Saquinavir); Imidazole and Triazole anti-fungals (e.g. Ketaconazole, Itraconazole); Clarithromycin, Telithromycin, Amiodarone, and Nefazodone 6 weeks Grapefruit is allowed up to Visit 1, then limited to no more than one glass of grapefruit juice (250 mL/ 8 ounces) or one grapefruit per day Any other investigational drug 30 days or 5 half lives whichever is longer.       
    
