Prior treatment with enzalutamide or abiraterone acetate for > 14 days prior to enrollment and completion of baseline tests.
Receipt of chemotherapy for prostate or other cancer within the past 12 months with residual cognitive deficits, or receipt of chemotherapy for mCRPC. Patients/physicians planning treatment with chemotherapy during the 12 month period of the investigation are also ineligible.
History of cognitive impairment or dysfunction, including a history of dementia, Alzheimer's disease, stroke with residual cognitive deficits, cognitive dysfunction related to alcohol or substance abuse, or cognitive dysfunction related to prior treatment for any cancer.
Patients with a seizure history, history of recurrent falls, or known brain metastases are excluded from this clinical trial because of their poor prognosis and because of their heightened risk of seizure or progressive cognitive and/or neurologic dysfunction that would confound the evaluation.
Uncontrolled intercurrent illness including, but not limited to, uncontrolled diabetes, ongoing or active infection, symptomatic congestive heart failure (New York Heart Association Class III and IV heart failure), unstable angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, or psychiatric illness/social situations/substance abuse that would limit compliance with study requirements.
Patients with a "currently active" second malignancy other than non-melanoma skin cancers are not eligible. Patients are not considered to have a "currently active" malignancy if they have completed all therapy and are now considered without evidence of disease for 1 year. Patients with cognitive dysfunction related to treatment of another malignancy, including a history of "chemo-brain", are ineligible.
Patients taking psychotropic medications or illicit drugs that may alter cognition, concentration, or behavior. Appropriate treatment by a licensed provider with medications for depression or anxiety, including but not limited to SSRIs, SNRIs, and standard dose benzodiazepines at a stable dose, is permitted
