Age>18 years
Scheduled 1 or 2-level ACDF spine surgery
The capacity to provide informed consent.
Degenerative Disc Disease (as defined by neck pain of discogenic origin with degeneration of the disc confirmed by patient history and radiographic studies)
Trauma (including fractures)
Tumors
Deformities or curvatures (including kyphosis, lordosis, or scoliosis)
Pseudoarthrosis
Failed previous fusion
Decompression of the spinal cord following total or partial cervical vertebrectomy
Spondylolisthesis
Spinal stenosis
Patients with current or recent history of malignancy or infectious disease.
The inability to provide informed consent.
Subject has marked local inflammation
Subject has any mental or neuromuscular disorder which would create an unacceptable risk of fixation failure or complications in postoperative care.
Subject has a bone stock compromised by disease, infection or prior implantation which cannot provide adequate support and/or fixation to the devices.
Subject has bone abnormalities preventing safe screw fixation.
Subject has any open wounds.
Subject has rapid joint disease, bone absorption, osteopenia, osteomalacia, and/or osteoporosis. Osteoporosis or osteopenia are relative contraindications, since this condition may limit the degree of obtainable correction and/or the amount of mechanical fixation.
Subject has a documented or suspected metal sensitivity.
Subject is pregnant.
Subject has anatomical structures or physiological performance that would interfere with implant utilization.
Subject has inadequate tissue coverage over the operative site.
Subject has other medical or surgical conditions which would preclude the potential benefit of surgery, such as congenital abnormalities, immunosuppressive disease, elevation of sedimentation rate unexplained by other diseases, elevation of white blood count (WBC), or marked left shift in the WBC differential count.
Note: The Aviator Anterior Cervical Plating System is not approved or intended for screw attachment to the posterior elements (pedicles) of the cervical, thoracic, or lumbar spine. The surgeon must consider the levels of implantation, patient weight, patient activity level, and other patient conditions which may impact on the performance of the system.
