Prior treatment toxicities have not resolved to < Grade 2 according to NCI CTCAE Version 4.0 (except clinically insignificant toxicities such as alopecia). 
Subjects receiving any other investigational agents. 
Patients with active tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) either from laboratory or clinical changes. 
Patients with active central nervous system (CNS) disease defined as symptomatic meningeal lymphoma or known CNS parenchymal lymphoma. 
History of severe allergic reactions attributed to compounds of similar chemical or biologic composition to rituximab or other agents used in this study. 
Subjects with uncontrolled intercurrent illness . 
HIV-positive subjects on combination antiretroviral therapy are ineligible because of the potential for pharmacokinetic interactions with Venetoclax. In addition, these subjects are at increased risk of lethal infections when treated with marrow suppressive therapy. Appropriate studies will be undertaken in subjects receiving combination antiretroviral therapy when indicated. HIV testing prior to enrollment is not required for screening but strongly encouraged for patients with no documented prior HIV assessment. 
Presence of positive test results for hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), or hepatitis C (HCV) antibody. 
Patients who are positive for HCV antibody must be negative for HCV by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to be eligible for study participation 
Patients with occult or prior HBV infection (defined as positive total hepatitis B core antibody [HBcAb] and negative HBsAg) may be included if HBV DNA is undetectable. These patients must be willing to undergo monthly DNA testing. 
Women who are pregnant or lactating 
Malabsorption syndrome or other condition that precludes enteral route of administration 
Chemotherapy or radiation within 3 weeks of the first scheduled study treatment. 
Less than 2-year disease free from another primary malignancy (other than squamous or basal cell carcinoma of the skin, "in-situ" carcinoma of the cervix or breast, superficial bladder carcinoma, or previously treated localized prostate cancer with normal prostate specific antigen (PSA) levels). Patients who have had completed all anti-cancer treatment for another primary malignancy more than 2 years prior to screening are eligible if they are not considered to have a "currently active" malignancy based on having less than a 30% risk of relapse. 
Major surgery, other than diagnostic surgery, within 2 weeks. 
Medical condition requiring chronic use of high dose systemic corticosteroids (i.e., doses of prednisone higher than 10 mg/day or equivalent). Brief (<15 days) treatment with glucocorticoids (prednisone 100 mg by mouth daily, or equivalent) is acceptable. 
Known allergy to both xanthine oxidase inhibitors and rasburicase. 
Use of warfarin is prohibited. Anticoagulation with low-molecular weight heparin (i.e. enoxaparin) or direct thrombin inhibitors is permitted. 
The following concomitant medications are not allowed from 7 days prior to the first dose of study drug and during venetoclax administration: Strong CYP3A4 inhibitors including but not limited to fluconazole, ketoconazole, and clarithromycin or strong CYP3A4 inducers included but not limited to rifampin, carbamazepine. 
Receipt of live-virus vaccines within 28 days prior to the initiation of study treatment or need for live-virus vaccines at any time during study treatment. 
Concomitant medications that fall into the categories below could potentially lead to adverse reactions and should be considered cautionary. 
Moderate/Weak CYP3A inducers such as efavirenz and oxcarbazepine 
CYP2C8 substrates such as thiazolidinediones (glitazones) and select statins (because of expected inhibition of the metabolism of CYP2C8 substrates) by venetoclax 
CYP2C9 substrates such as tolbutamide (because of expected inhibition of the metabolism of CYP2C9 substrates by venetoclax. It is recommended to exclude CYP2C9 substrates with a narrow therapeutic index such as phenytoin.       
    
