Spondylolisthesis Grade II or higher.
Subject requires uni or bilateral facetectomy to treat leg/back pain.
Subject has back or non-radicular leg pain of unknown etiology.
Prior surgery at the index lumbar level.
Subject requiring a spine DEXA (i.e., patients with SCORE of = 6) with a T Score less than -2.0 at the index level. For patients with a herniation at L5/S1, the average T score of L1-L4 shall be used.
Subject has clinically compromised vertebral bodies at the index level(s) due to any traumatic, neoplastic, metabolic, or infectious pathology.
Subject has sustained pathologic fractures of the vertebra or multiple fractures of the vertebra or hip.
Subject has scoliosis of greater than ten (10) degrees (both angular and rotational).
Any metabolic disease bone disease that has not been stabilized for at least three months (e.g., Paget's disease, osteomalacia, osteogenesis imperfecta, thyroid and/or parathyroid gland disorder, etc.).
Subject has an active infection either systemic or local.
Subject has cauda equina syndrome or neurogenic bowel/bladder dysfunction.
Subject has severe arterial insufficiency of the legs (Screening on physical examination= patients with diminution or absence of dorsalis pedis or posterior tibialis pulses. If diminished or absent by palpation, then an arterial ultrasound is required with vascular plethysmography. If the absolute arterial pressure is below 50mm of Hg at the calf or ankle level, then the patient is to be excluded) or other peripheral vascular disease).
Subject has significant peripheral neuropathy, patient defined as a patient with Type I or Type II diabetes or similar systemic metabolic condition causing decreased sensation in a stocking-like or non-radicular and non-dermatomal distribution in the lower extremities.
Subject has insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Subject is morbidly obese (defined as a body mass index >40, or weighs more than 100 lbs over ideal body weight).
Subject has been diagnosed with active hepatitis, AIDS, or HIV.
Subject has been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis or other autoimmune disease.
Subject has a known allergy to titanium, polyethylene or polyester materials.
Subject is pregnant or interested in becoming pregnant in the next two (2) years.
Subject has active tuberculosis or has had tuberculosis in the past three (3) years.
Subject has a history of active malignancy: A patient with a history of any invasive malignancy (except non-melanoma skin cancer), unless he/she has been treated with curative intent and there have been no signs or symptoms of the malignancy for at least two (2) years.
Subject is immunologically suppressed, received steroids >1 month over the past year.
Currently taking anticoagulants, other than aspirin, unless the patient can be taken off the anticoagulant for surgery.
Subject has a current chemical/alcohol dependency or significant psychosocial disturbance.
Subject has a life expectancy of less than three (3) years.
Subject is currently involved in another investigational study.
Subject is incarcerated.
