Histological confirmation of relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma after prior rituximab and anthracycline-containing systemic treatment regimen such as R-CHOP (rituximab, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone), R-EPOCH (rituximab, etoposide phosphate, prednisone, vincristine sulfate, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin hydrochloride), R-HyperCVAD (rituximab, cyclophosphamide, vincristine sulfate, doxorubicin hydrochloride, dexamethasone) etc. 
Subjects must have received no more than 2 prior systemic therapies for lymphoma. Prior therapy with systemic rituximab monotherapy or conventional chemotherapy (i.e. bendamustine, CVP (Cyclophosphamide, Vincristine Sulfate, Prednisone) or other) ± rituximab for indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) ± maintenance/extended-use rituximab will count as 1 line of systemic therapy. 
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Performance status ≤ 2 
Subjects must have normal organ and marrow function as defined below: 
Hemoglobin ≥ 8.0 g/dl 
Absolute neutrophil count ≥ 1,000/mcL 
Platelet count ≥ 75,000/mcL 
Total bilirubin ≤ 1.5 X the upper limit of normal (ULN) unless a known history of impaired bilirubin conjugation such as Gilbert's, for whom the maximum will be 2.5 ULN. 
Aspartate transaminase (AST) (SGOT) ≤ 2.5 X institutional ULN 
Alanine transaminase (ALT) (SGPT) ≤ 2.5 X institutional ULN 
International normalized ratio (INR) > 1.5 ×ULN 
Patients must have a calculated serum creatinine clearance > 50 mL/min using Cockcroft-Gault calculation or based on 24-hour urine collection performed within 7 days prior to treatment. 
Specific guidelines will be followed regarding inclusion of relapsed/refractory DLBCL based on Hepatitis B serological testing as follow: 
HBsAg negative, HBcAb negative, HBsAb positive patients are eligible. 
Patients who test positive for HBsAg are ineligible 
Patients with HBsAg negative, but HBcAb positive (regardless of HBsAb status) should have a HBV DNA testing performed and protocol eligibility determined as follow: 
If HBV DNA is positive, the subject is ineligible. 
If HBV DNA is negative, the subject may be included but must undergo HBV DNA PCR testing monthly x 3 months beginning from the start of treatment 
Subjects must have the ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document. 
For women of childbearing potential: agreement to remain abstinent (refrain from heterosexual intercourse) or use a contraceptive method with a failure rate of < 1% per year during the treatment period and for at least 30 days after the last dose of venetoclax or 18 months after the last dose of rituximab, whichever is longer. 
A woman is considered to be of childbearing potential if she is postmenarcheal, has not reached a postmenopausal state (< 12 continuous months of amenorrhea with no identified cause other than menopause), and has not undergone surgical sterilization (removal of ovaries and/or uterus). 
For men: agreement to remain abstinent (refrain from heterosexual intercourse) or use contraceptive measures, and agreement to refrain from donating sperm, as defined below: 
With female partners of childbearing potential, men must remain abstinent or use a condom plus an additional contraceptive method that together result in a failure rate of < 1% per year during the treatment period and for at least 6 months after the last dose of rituximab. Men must refrain from donating sperm during this same period. 
With pregnant female partners, men must remain abstinent or use a condom during the treatment period and for at least 6 months after the last dose of rituximab to avoid exposing the embryo. 
