History of severe related adverse event(s) from previous participation in VA-001 or VA-006 trials or to any smallpox vaccination.
Eczema, history of eczema, exfoliative skin conditions, wounds, burns, or other skin conditions at the investigator's discretion.
A history of immunodeficiency.
Currently or has recently received radiotherapy or chemotherapy, adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs.
Eye disease treated with topical steroids.
Known or suspected disorders of immunoglobulin synthesis.
Leukemia, lymphomas of any type, melanoma, or other malignant neoplasms affecting the bone marrow or lymphatic systems.
Has been diagnosed with cancer and who will be undergoing chemotherapy or radiation therapy during the vaccination healing time.
Is a transplant recipient (except for corneal transplant).
Is pregnant, planning pregnancy or breast feeding (female subjects of childbearing potential must have negative pregnancy test prior to vaccination).
Household or other close/intimate contact(s) under the age of 12 months.
History of allergies to phenol, any of the antibiotics listed in the vaccine content, or any other component of ACAM2000 or its diluents.
Subjects with kidney disease (except kidney stones).
Subjects with abnormal EKG at screening (if applicable). To mitigate the risk of enrolling at risk subjects and potentially jeopardizing subject safety an EKG will be performed prior to vaccination with ACAM2000 smallpox vaccine in all potential subjects =50 years old and for all potential subjects <50 with two cardiac risk factors as listed immediately below including; severely or morbidly obese or higher obesity classification (BMI =36); high blood pressure; high blood cholesterol; diabetes or high blood sugar; a first degree relative who had a heart condition before the age of 50; and current tobacco smokers.
Severely or morbidly obese or higher obesity classification (BMI =36)
High blood pressure diagnosed by a doctor
High blood cholesterol diagnosed by a doctor
Diabetes or high blood sugar diagnosed by a doctor
A first degree relative (for example, mother, father, brother, sister) who had a heart condition before the age of 50
Currently smokes tobacco (cigarettes)
Arrhythmia
Syncope related to cardiac disease
Previous myocardial infarction
Angina
Coronary artery disease
Congestive heart failure
Cardiomyopathy
Stroke or transient ischemic attack
Myocarditis
Pericarditis
Chest pain or shortness of breath with activity (such as climbing stairs), peripheral edema, heart palpitations, dry cough, irregular heartbeat, excessive fatigue, unexplained syncope
Other heart conditions being treated by a physician
