1. Prior treatment with gemcitabine, carboplatin (except in the adjuvant setting), or Iniparib. 
2. Past or current history of neoplasm other than the entry diagnosis, with the exception of treated non-melanoma skin cancer or carcinoma in-situ of any primary site, or invasive cancers treated definitively, with treatment ending >5 years previously and no evidence of recurrences. 
3. A history of cardiac disease, as defined by: 
Malignant hypertension 
Unstable angina 
Congestive heart failure 
Myocardial infarction within the previous 6 months 
Symptomatic, unstable or uncontrolled, cardiac arrhythmias. Patients who have stable, rate-controlled atrial fibrillation are eligible for study enrollment. 
4. Active brain metastases. Patients with treated brain metastases are eligible, if (1) radiation therapy was completed at least 2 weeks prior to study entry; (2) follow-up scan shows no disease progression; and (3) patient does not require steroids. 
5. Women who are pregnant or lactating. 
6. Any serious, active infection (> Grade 2) at the time of treatment. 
7. A serious underlying medical condition that would impair the ability of the patient to receive protocol treatment. 
8. A major surgical procedure, or significant traumatic injury ≤28 days of beginning treatment, or anticipation of the need for major surgery during the course of the study. 
9. Uncontrolled or intercurrent illness including, that in the opinion of the investigator may increase the risks associated with study participation or administration of the investigational products, or that may interfere with the interpretation of the results. 
10. History of any medical or psychiatric condition or laboratory abnormality that, in the opinion of the investigator, may increase the risks associated with the study participation or administration of the investigational products, or that may interfere with the interpretation of the results. 
11. Known or suspected allergy/hypersensitivity to any agent given in the course of this trial. 
The above information is not intended to contain all considerations relevant to a patient's potential participation in a clinical trial.       
    
