Aged 5 years to less than 12 years at Visit 1. At least 15 (25%) children of the total study population must be aged 5 to less than 8 years. 
Male or pre-menarchial female subjects. 
Subjects must be pre-adolescent without any signs of puberty (Tanner Stage 1). 
Normal range for their height and weight. Weight and height measurements should fall within the percentile range 3-97% of normal values for age according to Danish growth charts. 
Have a documented diagnosis of persistent asthma, as defined by the National Institutes of Health for at least 3 months prior to the Screening Visit. 
A pre-bronchodilatory forced expiratory flow in 1 second (FEV1) at Visit 1 (Screening) >=80% predicted. There should be no Short acting beta-agonist (SABA) use within 4 hours of this measurement. 
Using one of the following asthma therapies prior to entry into the study: SABA inhaler alone (e.g. salbutamol) on an as required basis and/or Regular non-inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) controller medications for asthma (e.g. cromones or leukotriene receptor antagonists) and/or Previously treated with ICS (equipotent to inhaled budesonide <=400 micrograms (mcg) total daily dose). There must be no ICS use within 2 weeks of Visit 1 (Screening). 
Able to replace their current SABA treatment with study supplied rescue SABA provided at Visit 1 for use as needed for the duration of the study. 
Written informed consent from at least one parent/care giver (legal guardian) and accompanying informed assent from the subject (where the subject is able to provide assent) prior to admission to the study: (1) If applicable, subject must be able and willing to give assent to take part in the study according to the local requirement. The study investigator is accountable for determining a child's capacity to assent to participation in a research study, taking into consideration any standards set by the responsible independent ethics committee (IEC). (2) Subject and their legal guardian(s) understand that the study requires them to be treated on an outpatient basis. (3) Subject and their legal guardian(s) understand that they must comply with study medication and study assessments including recording of peak expiratory flow and rescue SABA use, attending scheduled study visits, and being accessible by a telephone call. 
