Involvement in the planning and conduct of the study (applies to both AstraZeneca staff and staff at third party vendor or at the investigational sites).
Previous enrolment in the present study or participation in another clinical study with an investigational product during the last 3 months or as judged by the Investigator.
History of or presence of any clinically significant disease or disorder including a recent (< 3 months) cardiovascular event which, in the opinion of the Investigator, may either put the patient at risk because of participation in the study or influence the results or the patient's ability to participate in the study.
Clinical diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes, maturity onset diabetes of the young, secondary diabetes or diabetes insipidus.
Unstable/rapidly progressing renal disease or estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate < 60 mL/min (Cockcroft-Gault formula).
Clinically significant out of range values of serum levels of either alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alkaline phosphatase (ALP) in the Investigator's opinion.
Contraindications to dapagliflozin according to the local label.
Use of antidiabetic drugs other than metformin within 3 months prior to screening.
Weight gain or loss > 5 kg in the last 3 months, ongoing weight-loss diet (hypocaloric diet) or use of weight loss agents.
History of drug abuse or alcohol abuse in the past 12 months.
Any clinically significant abnormalities in clinical chemistry, hematology or urinalysis or other condition the Investigator believes would interfere with the patient's ability to provide informed consent, comply with study instructions, or which might confound the interpretation of the study results or put the patient at undue risk.
Plasma donation within one month of screening or any blood donation/blood loss > 500 mL within 3 months prior to screening or during the study.
Anemia defined as Hemoglobin (Hb) < 115 g/L (7.1 mM) in women and < 120 g/L (7.5 mM) in men.
Use of anti-coagulant treatment such as heparin, warfarin, platelet inhibitors, thrombin and factor X inhibitors.
Use of medication such as oral glucocorticoids, anti-estrogens or other medications that are known to markedly influence insulin sensitivity.
Use of loop diuretics.
Regular smoking and other regular nicotine use.
Central nervous system aneurysm clip
Implanted neural stimulator
Implanted cardiac pacemaker of defibrillator
Cochlear implant
Metal containing corpora aliena in the eye or brain.
Patients, who do not want to be informed about unexpected medical findings, or do not wish that their physician be informed about coincidental findings, cannot participate in the study.
