A history of life-threatening asthma defined for this protocol as an asthma episode that required intubation, hypercapnea requiring non-invasive ventilatory support, respiratory arrest, hypoxic seizures or asthma-related syncopal episode(s). 
Subjects with a history of asthma exacerbation requiring the use of systemic corticosteroids (tablets, suspension, or injection) for at least 3 days or a depot corticosteroid injection or emergency room attendance (within 3 months) or requiring hospitalization for asthma (within 6 months) prior to screening. 
Significant, non-reversible active pulmonary disease (e.g. cystic fibrosis, bronchiectasis, tuberculosis). 
Culture-documented or suspected bacterial or viral infection of the upper or lower respiratory tract, sinus or middle ear that is not resolved within 4 weeks of Visit 1 and led to a change in asthma management or, in the opinion of the Investigator, is expected to affect the subject's asthma status or the subject's ability to participate in the study. 
Any fracture in the leg to be measured within 6 months prior to the screening visit. 
Any metabolic disorders or other diseases that may impact on normal growth patterns. 
No major surgery requiring general anaesthesia for at least 3 months prior to the screening visit. 
No febrile illnesses with temperature >39 degree celsius for more than five consecutive days within the week preceding the Screening Visit. 
Any significant abnormality or medical condition identified at the screening medical assessment (including serious psychological disorder) that in the Investigator's opinion, preclude entry into the study due to risk to the subject or that may interfere with the outcome of the study. 
Clinical visual evidence of candidiasis at Visit 1 (Screening). 
Use of any of the prohibited medications listed in protocol. 
Strenuous physical exercise within 3 hours of Visit 1 (Screening) 
Drug allergies: Any adverse reaction including immediate or delayed hypersensitivity to any intranasal, inhaled, or systemic corticosteroid therapy. Known or suspected sensitivity to the constituents of the ELLIPTA Inhaler (i.e., lactose, FF). 
Milk Protein Allergy: History of severe milk protein allergy. 
The subject has participated in a clinical trial and has received an investigational product within the following time period prior to the first dosing day in the current study: 30 days, 5 half-lives or twice the duration of the biological effect of the investigational product (whichever is longer). 
Exposure to more than 4 investigational medicinal products within 12 months prior to the first dosing day. 
Unable to use the ELLIPTA inhaler and peak flow meter correctly. 
An affiliation with the Investigator site: the parents/guardians or child is an immediate family member of the participating Investigator, sub-Investigator, study coordinator, or employee of the participating Investigator. 
The Parent or Guardian has a history of psychiatric disease, intellectual deficiency, substance abuse or other condition (e.g. inability to read, comprehend or write) which may affect: validity of consent to participate in the study; adequate supervision of the subject during the study; compliance of subject with study medication and study procedures (e.g. completion of daily diary, attending scheduled clinic visits); subject safety and well-being. 
Children in care: Children who are wards of the government or state are not eligible for participation in this study.       
    
