Diagnosis of emphysema confirmed by CT scan. If a report of past CT scan is not available at site documenting then a CT scan is to be performed at screening 
Male or female patients at least 18 years of age. 
Able and willing to sign an informed consent. 
Patient with record of congenital AAT deficiency of phenotype PiZZ (homozygote) or other rare phenotypes related to AAT deficiency and with AAT serum level ≤ 11 micromole. For patients receiving IV AAT augmentation therapy the serum AAT level threshold does not apply. 
FEV1/SVC <70% of predicted value post bronchodilator (SVC is slow VC) and FEV1 < 80% of predicted value post-bronchodilator 
History of at least two moderate or severe exacerbations that required change in treatment (antibiotics, systemic steroids, hospitalization) in the last 18 months prior to date of screening , with at least one of these occurring within the last 12 months prior to screening. 
Ability to comply with completion of electronic diary. 
Ability to self-administer inhaled AAT. 
No significant abnormalities in serum hematology, serum chemistry and serum inflammatory / immunogenic markers according to the Principal Investigator's judgment, taking into considerations the potential effects of the AAT deficiency. 
No significant abnormalities in urinalysis according to the Principal Investigator's judgment, taking into considerations the potential effects of the AAT deficiency. 
No significant abnormalities in ECG per investigator judgment. 
Negative for HBsAg and for antibodies to HCV, HIV-1. 
AAT deficient patients who are either naïve (not receiving IV augmentation therapy) or AAT deficient patients (receiving IV augmentation therapy), if they have been stable on regular therapy for at least 3 months prior to the screening visit and are willing to continue the same regime throughout this trial. Note that only sites in Germany can recruit patients who are currently being treated with IV AAT.Patients who stopped IV augmentation treatment 6 months prior to screening date and will not re-start this treatment for the course of the study will be considered Naïve. 
Non-pregnant, non-lactating female patients, whose screening pregnancy test is negative and who are using contraceptive methods deemed reliable by the investigator, or who are at least 2 years post-menopausal or surgically sterilized. 
