1. Subject is at least 18 years old. 
2. Subject requires single- or multi-vessel percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) of de novo or restenotic target lesion (including in-stent restenotic lesions). 
3. Subject's lesion(s) is (are) amenable to stent treatment with currently available FDA-approved bare metal or drug eluting stents. 
4. Subject is an acceptable candidate for elective, urgent or emergency coronary artery bypass graft (CABG). 
5. Subject has clinical evidence of ischemic heart disease in terms of a positive functional study, or documented symptoms. 
6. Documented stable angina pectoris [Canadian Cardiovascular Society Classification (CCS) 1, 2, 3, or 4], unstable angina pectoris with documented ischemia (Braunwald Class IB-C, IIB-C, or IIIB-C), non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction, or documented silent ischemia. 
7. Subject is willing and able to undergo percutaneous intervention at SOS hospital, if randomized to SOS study arm. 
8. Subject and the treating physician agree that the subject will comply with all follow-up evaluations. 
9. Subject has been informed of the nature of the study and agrees to its provisions and has provided written informed consent as approved by the Institutional Review Board/Ethics Committee of the respective clinical site. 
10. The target lesion(s) is (are) de novo or restenotic (including in-stent restenotic) native coronary artery lesion(s) with greater than 50 and less than 100% stenosis (visual estimate), or the target lesion is an acute (less than 1 month) total occlusion as evidenced by clinical symptoms. 
11. Target lesions(s) is (are) located in an infarct (if not treated with primary PCI) or non-infarct-related artery with a 70% or greater stenosis (by visual estimate) more than 72 hours following the ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). 
Lesions treated with PCI more than 72 hours following STEMI would be subject to the same protocol inclusion/exclusion criteria listed above and below with the exception that a target lesion of 70% or greater stenosis may be treated with or without symptoms or abnormal stress test). 
