Subjects with a known or suspected alcohol or drug abuse which in the opinion of the investigator could interfere with the subject's proper completion of the protocol requirement.
History of life threatening asthma: Defined as an asthma episode that required intubation and/or was associated with hypercapnea, respiratory arrest or hypoxic seizures within the last 6 months.
A lower respiratory tract infection within 7 days of the screening visit.
Concurrent diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or other respiratory disorders including active tuberculosis, lung cancer, bronchiectasis, sarcoidosis, lung fibrosis, pulmonary hypertension, interstitial lung diseases or other active pulmonary diseases.
History of hypersensitivity/intolerance to any components of the study inhalers (example, lactose, magnesium stearate). In addition, subjects with a history of severe milk protein allergy that, in the opinion of the study physician, contraindicates participation will also be excluded.
Historical or current evidence of clinically significant or rapidly progressing or unstable cardiovascular, neurological, cardiovascular, neurological, renal, hepatic, immunological, endocrine (including uncontrolled diabetes or thyroid disease) or hematological abnormalities that are uncontrolled. Significant is defined as any disease that, in the opinion of the investigator, would put the safety of the subject at risk through participation, or which would affect the analysis if the disease/condition exacerbated during the study.
Subjects who have ever received treatment with biological based therapy example, omalizumab, mepolizumab, for asthma.
Subjects who have received an investigational drug and/or medical device within 30 days of entry into this study (Screening), or within five drug half-lives of the investigational drug, whichever is longer.
A subject will not be eligible for this study if he/she is an immediate family member of the participating investigator, sub-investigator, study coordinator, employee of the participating investigator, or any family member of a Propeller Health employee.
