Age ≥ 18 years (Age ≥ 12 years for patients with bone sarcomas). 
Histologically confirmed diagnosis of unresectable, recurrent, and/or metastatic high grade soft-tissue or bone sarcoma of one of the following subtypes: soft tissue sarcomas (leiomyosarcoma, poorly differentiated/de-differentiated liposarcoma, high grade pleomorphic undifferentiated sarcoma/MFH and synovial sarcoma), and bone sarcomas (Ewing sarcoma, osteosarcoma, and chondrosarcoma [de-differentiated or mesenchymal]). 
ECOG Performance Status of 0 or 1. 
At least one site of measurable disease on CT/MRI scans as defined by RECIST 1.1. Baseline imaging must be performed within 30 days of dosing. 
At least one site of accessible disease for pre- and post-treatment core biopsies for at least 20 patients per arm on the expansion cohorts. 
Patients may have received 1-3 prior systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. 
Adequate organ function within 14 days of dosing 
Must be willing to provide and have available archival tissue for PD-L1 testing. 
Written, voluntary informed consent. 
Fertile men and women of childbearing potential must agree to use an effective method of birth control from providing signed consent and for 120 days after last study drug administration. Women of childbearing potential include pre-menopausal women and women within the first 2 years of the onset of menopause. Women of childbearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test ≤ 72 hours prior to Day 1 of study. 
Effective methods of birth control include: surgically sterile, barrier device (condom, diaphragm), contraceptive coil, intrauterine device (IUD), and abstinence. 
Life expectancy of >12 weeks. 
Patients with central nervous system disease are eligible for enrollment if they have received prior radiotherapy or surgery to sites of CNS metastatic disease and are without evidence of clinical progression for at least 4 weeks prior to screening, have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are off steroids for at least 7 days before first dose of pembrolizumab. 
