1. Subjects must have recurrent or persistent platinum-resistant epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal carcinoma with measureable disease (as defined by RECIST 1.1.) after first or second line platinum-based chemotherapy, for which treatment with PLD is indicated. Platinum-based therapy is defined as treatment with carboplatin, cisplatin or another organoplatinum compound. Platinum-resistant is defined as having a platinum-free interval (PFI) of < 12 months after first- or second-line platinum-based chemotherapy, or having disease progression while receiving second-line platinum-based chemotherapy. 
Subjects are allowed to have received, but are not required to have received: 
one additional cytotoxic regimen and/or PARP inhibitor for management of recurrent or persistent disease. 
biologic therapy (e.g., bevacizumab) as part of their primary treatment regimen or part of their treatment for management of recurrent or persistent disease. 
2. Histologic documentation of the original primary tumor. 
3. Documented radiographic disease progression < 12 months after the last dose of first- or second-line platinum-based chemotherapy. 
4. Subjects in Phase 2 must have disease amenable to biopsy and must be willing to undergo pre- and post-treatment tumor biopsies. Optional for Phase 1. 
Note: archival tissue will be requested for all subjects preferably from primary tumor site prior to cancer treatment; however, archival tissue is not a requirement for study entry. 
5. ECOG performance status of 0 or 1. 
6. Laboratory parameters for vital functions should be in the normal range. Laboratory abnormalities that are not clinically significant are generally permitted, except for the following laboratory parameters, which must be within the ranges specified, regardless of clinical significance: 
Hemoglobin: ≥ 9 g/dL 
Neutrophil count: ≥ 1.5 x 109/L 
Platelet count: ≥ 100,000/mm3 
Serum creatinine, ≤ 1.5x Institutional Upper Limit of Normal (ULN), or Creatinine Clearance ≥ 50 mL/min (by Cockcroft-Gault formula) 
Serum bilirubin: ≤ 1.2 mg/dL 
AST/ALT: ≤ 2.5 x ULN 
Alkaline phosphatase: ≤ 2.5 x ULN 
7. Age ≥18 years. 
8. Able and willing to give valid written informed consent. 
9. Body weight > 30 kg 
