1. Institutionalized subjects will not be used. 2 Social Habits: 
1. Use of any tobacco products. 
2. Ingestion of any alcoholic, caffeine- or xanthine-containing food or beverage within the 48 hours prior to the initial dose of study medication. 
3. Ingestion of any vitamins or herbal products within the 48 hours prior to the initial dose of the study medication. 
4. Any recent, significant change in dietary or exercise habits. 
5. Positive test for any drug included in the urine drug screen. 
3. Medications: 
1. Use of any medication within the 14 days prior to the initial dose of study medication. 
2. Use of any medication known to alter hepatic enzyme activity within 28 days prior to the initial dose of study medication. 
3. Use of hormonal contraceptives and hormonal replacement therapy within three months prior to the initial dose of study medication. 
4. Diseases: 
a. History of any significant chronic disease and/or hepatitis. b. History of drug and/or alcohol abuse. c. Acute illness at the time of either the prestudy medical evaluation or dosing. 
d. Positive HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C test. e. Renal disease or renal dysfunction (as suggested by serum creatinine levels greater than or equal to 1.5 mg/dL (for males) and greater than or equal to 1.4 mg/dL (for females) or abnormal creatinine clearance). 
5. Abnormal and clinically significant laboratory test results: 
1. Clinically significant deviation from the Guide for Clinically Relevant Abnormalities (see Part II ADMINISTRATIVE ASPECTS OF BIOEQUIVALENCE PROTOCOLS). 
2. Abnormal and clinically relevant ECG tracing. 6. Donation or loss of a significant volume of blood or plasma (> 450 mL) within 28 days prior to the initial dose of study medication. 
7. Subjects who have received an investigational drug within 30 days prior to the initial dose of study medication. 
8. Allergy or hypersensitivity to metformin hydrochloride. 9. History of difficulty in swallowing medication, or any gastrointestinal disorder which could affect the drug absorption.       
    
